[charts] Make introduction docs pages for each chart (#8869)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/lines/lines.md

<p class="description">Line charts can express qualities about data, such as hierarchy, highlights, and comparisons.</p>

## Basics

### Data format

To plot lines, series must have property `data` containing an array of numbers.
This `data` array corresponds to y values.
To modify x value, you should provide a `xAxis` with data properties.

{{"demo": "BasicLineChart.js", "bg": "inline"}}

### Area

You can fill the area of the curve by setting the series' property `area` to `true`.

{{"demo": "BasicArea.js", "bg": "inline"}}

## Stacking

Each line series can get a property `stack` which expect a string value.
Series with the same `stack` will be staked on top of each other.

{{"demo": "StackedAreas.js", "bg": "inline"}}

### Stacking strategy 🚧

## Styling

### Interpolation

The interpolation between data point can be customized by the `curve` property.
This property expect one of the follwing string value, corresponding to the interpolation method: `'catmullRom'`, `'linear'`, `'monotoneX'`, `'monotoneY'`, `'natural'`, `'step'`, `'stepBefore'`, `'stepAfter'`.

{{"demo": "InterpolationDemo.js", "bg": "inline"}}

### CSS

> Line pots are made of three elements named `LineElement`, `AreaElement`, and `MarkElement`.

Reviewer: Maybe you meant `plots` instead? 🤔 
```suggestion
Line plots are made of three elements named `LineElement`, `AreaElement`, and `MarkElement`.
```

Each element can be selected with the CSS class name `.MuiLineElement-root`, `.MuiAreaElement-root`, or `.MuiMarkElement-root`.

If you want to select the element of a given series, you can use classes `.MuiLineElement-series-<seriesId>` with `<seriesId>` the id of the series you want to customize.

> In the next example, we use the following code to customize line style, and the area of the Germany GDP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the next example, the following code is used to customize the line style and the area of Germany's GDP.
```

Author: ```suggestion
In the next example, each line style is customized with dashes, and marks are removed.
And the area of Germany's GDP gets a custom gradient color.
```

<p class="description">Line charts can express qualities about data, such as hierarchy, highlights, and comparisons.</p>

## Basics

### Data format

To plot lines, a series must have a `data` property containing an array of numbers.
This `data` array corresponds to y values.
To modify x value, you should provide a `xAxis` with data properties.

{{"demo": "BasicLineChart.js", "bg": "inline"}}

### Area

You can fill the area of the line by setting the series' `area` property to `true`.

{{"demo": "BasicArea.js", "bg": "inline"}}

## Stacking

Each line series can get a `stack` property which expects a string value.
Series with the same `stack` will be stacked on top of each other.

{{"demo": "StackedAreas.js", "bg": "inline"}}

### Stacking strategy 🚧

## Styling

### Interpolation

The interpolation between data points can be customized by the `curve` property.

> This property expects one of the following string value, corresponding to the interpolation method: `'catmullRom'`, `'linear'`, `'monotoneX'`, `'monotoneY'`, `'natural'`, `'step'`, `'stepBefore'`, `'stepAfter'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property expects one of the following string values, corresponding to the interpolation method: `'catmullRom'`, `'linear'`, `'monotoneX'`, `'monotoneY'`, `'natural'`, `'step'`, `'stepBefore'`, `'stepAfter'`.
```

{{"demo": "InterpolationDemo.js", "bg": "inline"}}

### CSS

Line plots are made of three elements named `LineElement`, `AreaElement`, and `MarkElement`.
Each element can be selected with the CSS class name `.MuiLineElement-root`, `.MuiAreaElement-root`, or `.MuiMarkElement-root`.

If you want to select the element of a given series, you can use classes `.MuiLineElement-series-<seriesId>` with `<seriesId>` the id of the series you want to customize.

In the next example, each line style is customized with dashes, and marks are removed.

> And the area of Germany's GDP gets a custom gradient color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The area of Germany's GDP also gets a custom gradient color.
```
